what do your doodles say about you yeah
I know doodles don't actually talk but
if they could what would they say just
play along it'll be fun
ah doodling we all do it while talking
to someone on the phone or during a
meeting we all pay no attention to
what's going on just kidding
we all doodle it turns out those little
masterpieces are more than a product of
unconscious drawing they can actually
tell a lot about their creators
personality Brightside decided to
analyze the most popular doodle patterns
and their true meanings it turns out
that the spider's web doodle is pretty
alarming well first of all it is
important to note that not only what you
draw tells a lot about you but also
where you do it if your doodles occupy
most of the page it means you are a
nature lover and not exactly an outgoing
person but you want to communicate in
reasonable amounts little doodles in the
corner of the page indicate that their
author likes order and discipline the
same is true for those who use the
margin areas as their canvas they like
it when everything is in its place what
if your doodles are right in the middle
of that paper which was supposed to be
for work you are an extrovert seeking
the attention of others we can even
guess your job you must be a lawyer a
teacher or an official did we guess it
right comment in the section below if it
is true for you your job puts you in the
limelight but sometimes you would not
mind some extra personal space are your
doodles spread on top of the page you
must be a self-confident person with
many ideas for the future most people
tend to doodle on the left side of the
page
it means the person has some sweetness
taluk memories of the good old days I
remember those doodling on the right
side is not that common left-handers do
it for obvious natural reasons as for
right-handers who do that it most likely
shows they have an urge to express
themselves or share some deep personal
thoughts
okay now take a look at 20 most popular
doodle motives and their explanations
counting down from 20 figures of people
it is hard to find a human who has never
drawn a human click like if you did it
yes a stickman also counts as one it
turns out doodling humans is not all fun
and games if you do to little people
you'll probably feel insecure and
helpless or try to get away from some of
your responsibilities drawing simple
stick figures indicates you're
emotionally unstable and feel the need
to isolate yourself from other people
number 19
faces and eyes if you're popular Doodle
topic is a face pay attention to what it
looks like it is an indication of your
mood and even character if you're
painted face is beautiful and smiling it
means you can see the good in other
people if it's mostly ugly or angry you
might have problems trusting others what
if it's a comic face that you draw you
my dear want to be the center of
attention introverts tend to doodle
profiles not full round faces doodles of
eyes also represent the inner self of
the person drawing them big eyes show an
outgoing personality staring eyes
symbolize the feeling of being watched
and closed eyes may indicate a refusal
to look inside yourself number 18 your
signature
signature doodlers are egocentric and
arrogant abbendis are Scrooge Hey
there's no I deduct doodling your
signature often without thinking during
a conversation or while trying to solve
a problem reveals a narcissistic
personality teenage girls who doodle
just their first name can't wait to
break free and do whatever they want not
what their parents tell them this is why
they unconsciously refused to mention
their family name number 17 names or
initials of others it has been clear
from school love and drama times that we
doodle the initials of our love interest
however thinking of someone all the time
and doodling their name is not always a
sign of love it could also mean that
person is giving you a lot of trouble
and you can't kick them out of your
thoughts because they are a problem to
be solved number 16 fancy patterns it
could be a floral or geometrical pattern
you doodle so much it has almost become
your second signature if you tend to
doodle patterns in the margin area or
other parts of the page it means you
like working with others and putting
things together conflict is something
you like to avoid you are a
perfectionist who cares about every
detail and doesn't get tired of
repetitive work number 15 animals the
type of animal you scribble speaks
volumes about your current emotions and
personality a tiger or a wolf reveals a
hidden unexpressed anger if it's a fox
you probably want to do something sly
drawing a squirrel shows that you're in
need of care and protection or you just
like nuts lions are usually drawn by
those who feel superior and better than
other people
if you doodle the same animal time after
time that means you compare yourself to
it unconsciously and try to imitate its
character because I am A champion and
you're gonna hear me roar you know
number 14 squares diamonds and other
geometric figures you know what you want
and what you believe in and rarely keep
your opinions to yourself you are
stubborn and insistent
you're usually overly cautious and
careful maybe you could try to relax a
bit sometimes taking too much control
can ruin everything so chill number 13
arrows arrows symbolize a vector your
direction in life if the arrow is
pointing upwards you're a people
oriented person if it points down you're
self focused a leftward arrow means
you're stuck in the past and if it
points to the right you look forward to
the future if your arrow is sharp and
not decorated you know exactly what you
want right now and it's something rather
material it could be a specific job or a
person you have to confront for example
in case you doodle beautifully fluid
arrows your interests are in the domain
of love or art and the like number
twelve boats and planes
if you doodle boats and planes it means
you need to go on a vacation right now
click like if you agree well in case it
is not exactly about that if cars trains
planes or any other means of
transportation are your favorite doodle
topic it often means you have some
worries and troubles you can't wait to
escape from wow I like the vacation
thing better
number eleven stars you are ambitious
and want to be the center of attention
you want all eyes on you when you walk
into a room but if the stars you draw
have too many points or if they are
drawn separately from the center it
could be a sign that you are suffering
from depression on the contrary many
little stars describe the doodle creator
as an optimist number 10 flowers clouds
and Sun drawing perky looking flowers in
the Sun while talking on the phone
indicates that you're satisfied with
what's going on and probably fantasize
about the good things awaiting you in
the future these scribbles reveal your
positive attitude and the fact that you
are in good spirits you most likely have
family oriented values marriage children
family photos and memories are the
things that you care about most
number 9 crosses
this could mean that you're feeling
guilty about something or blame yourself
for your mistakes this idea is so deep
in your mind it comes out in doodles
don't go too hard on yourself if you can
change the situation do it if not let go
of it we're only human after all
number eight little houses and boxes
symmetrical shapes reveal your love of
order and your disposition to plan and
calculate things thoroughly it means you
always want to have control over things
you know exactly what you want your life
goals are set and you will stand by your
opinion no matter what does anyone here
doodle little houses or boxes maybe
share with us in the comment section
below
number seven stairs or ladder so what is
that thing you've doodled there oh it's
a ladder well stairs and ladders of all
kinds symbolise ambitions good healthy
ambitions you realize you can achieve if
you work hard and climb up that ladder
you're not afraid of taking this journey
even if it might be long the end goal is
not always a super manager position it
could be personal harmony good luck with
that journey in either case number six
chess boards
doodling chess ports does not mean you
want to play chess unless you are
actually a chess pro and it's all you
care about
it looks like recently you found
yourself in an unpleasant and
uncomfortable situation if drives like
these are constantly present chances are
you're probably dealing with some hidden
issues that have something to do with
your inability to resolve a particular
situation or you're trying to find
yourself and your mission in life and
have doubts about the path you're on or
maybe you're a checkers player hey the
board looks the same number 5 beehive
patterns
what do bees do they work hard for the
honey remember Donna Summer
what does honey make us know not fat I
mean happy your number one priority is
to maintain peace and harmony in your
life and you also want to settle down
and maybe start a family a cute little
family of busy bees number four spider's
web doodling a spider's web can be an
alarming sign you might feel trapped in
a particular situation or with a certain
person if that's the case think of what
you can do to break free you deserve to
be happy the second meaning could be
that you want to entice someone or
something on your web you can't force
anyone to love you it won't feel that
real think about it number three spirals
other people's problems don't bother you
much in your head you'll always solve
different problems and think about pasts
maybe you are a genius
number two zig zags
zig zags with their straight lines speak
of a strong and even aggressive
character it could actually do you good
in a work environment you are most
definitely energetic and aren't afraid
of problems you just solve them and
number one circles and rings circular
shapes represent a need to find unity I
feel left out in this world that's what
your doodles say about you if you draw
circles unconsciously this probably
means you're in need of a friend and
some attention which in the end may lead
to depression so take care or maybe
you're just an introvert who doesn't
need too much communication and finally
always remember this tongue twister that
I just made up
how much doodling would you do if you
had to pay dues for the doodling you do
well I don't know the answer to that one
so let's move on
did you recognize yourself in any of the
descriptions we gave if you think these
personality portraits are accurate give
us a thumbs up and subscribe to our
channel to join us on the bright side of
life